release: Update the note about deprecation (#443)
flatcar/flatcar-website: content/releases/_index.md

announcement: true
announcement_bg: "#12172b"
announcement_text_class: "text-light"
announcement_title: "⚠️ End of support for CGroupsV1 in Stable 4230.2.0 release ⚠️"
announcement_message: "
With the Flatcar Container Linux 4230.2.0 Stable release, CGroups V1 backward
compatibility has been removed. Enabling legacy CGroupsV1 during deployment is
no longer supported, and nodes still using CGroupsV1 will fail to update. This
change ensures your workloads are not unexpectedly disrupted. We encourage you
to enable CGroupsV2 on legacy CGroupsV1 nodes to ensure successful updates. The

> LTS-2024 channel will continue supporting CGroupsV1 until late 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LTS-2024 channel (major release series 4081) will continue supporting CGroupsV1. This channel will receive regular updates until early 2026, and hit EOL in mid-2026.
```
